Professional Goals

To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn
a job which provides me job Satisfaction and self development and
help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.

ABOUT ME

My career objective is to secure a position where I can efficiently contibute
my skills and abilities to the growth of the organization and build a professional career.


LANGUAGES AND FRAMEWORKS:
Python
Mysql
Django
Html
Css
Bootstrap
Javascript(basics)



SUPPORTING TECHNOLOGIES:
Postman
Vscode
Git
Heroku


Other Interests
-Travelling
-Trekking
-Photography


INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Ability to communicate with people in a confident way.
Ability to work in a team and set up trust.
Ability to handle the problems with positive attitude in less time
Good presentation skills.




PROJECTS:
Weather App 
This is a website in which user enters the location and this will 
return the weather details of that location like temperature, precipitation visibility,
wind speed probability, condition and cloud coverage. Whole data is fetched from MapBox 
API and DarkSky API 
Technologies Used :- Django, MppBox API, Darksky API 

SMART CALCULATOR
The project deals with the development of application that is programed in such manner
to calculate aithmatic calculation in easiest and fastest way thatconsist of some great
shortcut.
Technologies Used: Python

HITECH-KITCHEN
This is a small order management system in which User can make an order from the menu,
which includes Item-name Price and the description of the items.
When order is placed by user then it will be displayed in the kitchen and menu is
send back to the user so that he/she can add more items.
Technologies Used: Python, Djnago, HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP
rm

EXPERIENCE:
06-01-2020 to 04-04-2020 
Backend Developer Intern (Django) 
Ajenotech,Mohali

Worked on a live project "Mleap" Which shows the property/land is available or not in particular area.
In this project I performed CRUD opertaion and design models for database in Mysql.

